Extra notes for 10/10 Tables

GENERAL

ALWAYS USE A BACKUP OF THE DISK as facts like the high scores are constantly
being written to it. Alternatively, The programs can be installed on a HARD
DISK. All you need to do is to 'drag' the application to a directory window
on your hard disk. The disk may only be backed up for your own use on a
single computer. Copying disks for any other reason is tantamount to theft
and could lead to prosecution. Site licences are available for
establishments with more than one computer or with a network.

All high scores and results are saved to disk as you exit from the game.
Ensure that you LEAVE THE GAMES USING THE EXIT OPTION rather than pressing
break to ensure your facts are stored.

MEMORY

10 out of 10 will run on all Acorn 32-bit computers, but on a 1 Mb machine
you may have to switch the computer off for a few seconds and then turn it
back on.

VGA MONITORS

A utility is included on the disk to allow the package to run on most VGA
monitors. It is called !ModeTrans and is inside the !10/10 application (hold
down shift and double-click on the !10/10 application to see it). A help
file for the utility is inside the !ModeTrans application (hold shift and
double-click).

CERTIFICATE PRINTING

To print a certificate in graphic form you should select the disk option
after you've selected print certificate. You should save it onto hard disk
or a blank formatted disk. You can enter your own filename using the
standard Acorn "Path.filename" structure.

Depending on your system, a default path or filename is given. If the
default ends in a dot it is a path and you should enter a filename before
pressing Return. Note that floppy disk users must leave the default path of
the floppy drive - usually ADFS::0.$. - in front of the chosen filename.

The saved file will have the name of the player as the filename. This can be
loaded into Paint and printed in the usual way. We've found that to print an
A4 certificate on a laser printer the parameters to set when you've chosen
Print are:

     Portrait
     X scale       3:2
     X scale       3:2

  Make sure the centimetre square is highlighted green then:

     Corner X      -3.2   (note the minus)
     Corner Y       4


USER FILES

Inside the 10/10 application directory there are two text files. To find
them, hold down Shift and double-click on the !10/10Tabl icon.

Firstly the file called 'Info'. This file holds the information text for the
six levels which can be altered if you change the challenges.

Secondly the file called 'Levels' which contains the actual challenges for
the six levels. This contains within it information on how to modify it.