Word Fit

Spelling is important in all subjects - including Dinosaurs. WordFit gives
you the chance to practise the spelling of words connected with the subject
while trying to achieve a high score. You can choose whether you want a
random selection from all the words or just a few for practice and to learn
by clicking on the "Status" box on the Main Menu. The practice words are
graded from A to F.

The aim of WordFit is simple - fit as many of the words you are given onto
the grid as you can. They can be fitted vertically or horizontally - rotate
them with the right-hand mouse button and fit them with the left-hand one. 

The first word can be placed anywhere, but after that every word must cross
one that is already on the grid and there are extra points if it crosses
two. Every letter placed on a grey square scores you points and green ones
give you an extra bonus too. Beware of the red ones because you'll lose
points as letters fall on them. Words that do not fit can be dropped in to
the dustbin but your score will be decreased each time you do this.

However there is a catch - SOME OF THE  WORDS ARE SPELT INCORRECTLY! These
MUST BE BANKED. They must not be dropped in the dustbin or used on the grid.
The score is increased for correctly banked words and reduced for mistakes.
As with all the games, you can obtain higher scores with the timer on but
you need to be quick!

Pressing CTRL+S saves the display to disk. This can then be printed using a
paint program. This allows analysis of the game and the way the words were
fitted.

When Loads of questions are selected, the percentage is calculated from the
number banked and the number of possible bankings. The player must decide
when to end. More words means a higher score but as the grid fills more have
to be thrown away thus losing points. Note that THE PERCENTAGE REMAINS AT
ZERO until at least 10 words have been or should have been banked.